Remove outdated note that UI trim does not support RWX. (#813)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.5.1/volumes-and-nodes/trim-filesystem.md

## Trim the filesystem in a Longhorn volume

There are two ways to do trim for a Longhorn volume: with the Longhorn UI and directly via command on the volume's mount point.

#### Via Longhorn UI

You can directly click volume operation `Trim Filesystem` for attached volumes.

Then Longhorn will **try its best** to figure out the mount point and execute `fstrim <the mount point>`.  If something is wrong or the filesystem does not exist, the UI will return an error.

#### Via shell command

> Users need to figure out the mount point of the volume and then manually execute `fstrim <the mount point>`.  For RWO volumes that would be a pod of its workload, or perhaps the node to which it was manually attached.
> 
> For an RWX volume, that would be the share manager pod for that volume, which actually contains the NFS server.  The share manager pod is typically named `share-manager-<volume name>`.  The sequence would be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using `fstrim`, you must identify the mount point of the volume and then run the command `fstrim <the mount point>`.

- NWO volume: The mount point is either a pod of the workload or the node to which the volume was manually attached.
- RWX volume: The mount point is the share manager pod of the volume. The share manager pod contains the NFS server and is typically named `share-manager-<volume name>`.
```

> 1. Figure out and enter into the share manager pod of the RWX volume.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To trim an RWX volume, perform the following steps:

1. Identify and then open a shell inside the share manager pod of the volume.
```

    ```
    kubectl -n longhorn-system exec -it <the share manager pod> -- bash
    ```

> 2. Figure out the work directory of the NFS server. The work directory is typically like `/export/<volume name>`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Identify the work directory of the NFS server (for example, `/export/<volume name>`).
```

    ```
    mount | grep <volume name>
    /dev/longhorn/<volume name> on /export/<volume name> type ext4 (rw,relatime)
    ```

> 3. Trim the work directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Trim the work directory.
```
